Sidebar: rename/reorganize (#11029)
swissspidy/web-stories-wp: docs/right-click-menu.md

|Bring to front|Set the text element in front of all elements on the page.|
|Copy style|The styles of the selected text element are copied to the clipboard. A snackbar is displayed on completion.|
|Paste style|The styles that are saved to the clipboard are pasted to the currently selected text box. This does not update the text in the textbox. A snackbar is shown on completion.|

> |Add style to "Saved styles"|The style of the currently selected textbox is saved to the "Saved styles" panel in the sidebar. This action opens the design tab, opens the "Saved styles" panel, and collapses all other panels in the sidebar. The "Saved styles" panel should be highlighted when opened.|
> |Add color to "Saved colors"|The color(s) of the currently selected textbox is saved to the "Saved colors" panel in the sidebar. This action opens the design tab, opens the "Saved colors" panel, and collapses all other panels in the sidebar. The "Saved colors" panel should be highlighted when opened. A snackbar is displayed on completion.|

Reviewer: 🤔  I think it would be better to be more specific here about the location in the sidebar. There's a lot of content there, but the panels only close in the `style pane`.

```suggestion
|Add style to "Saved styles"|The style of the currently selected textbox is saved to the "Saved styles" panel in the style pane. This action opens the design tab, opens the "Saved styles" panel, and collapses all other panels in the style pane. The "Saved styles" panel should be highlighted when opened.|
|Add color to "Saved colors"|The color(s) of the currently selected textbox is saved to the "Saved colors" panel in the style pane. This action opens the design tab, opens the "Saved colors" panel, and collapses all other panels in the style pane. The "Saved colors" panel should be highlighted when opened. A snackbar is displayed on completion.|
```

|Bring to front|Place shape in front of all other elements. Disabled if the element is all the way forward.|
|Copy shape styles|Copy styles from the shape to the clipboard. A snackbar is displayed on completion.|
|Paste shape styles|Add styles from the clipboard to the selected shape. A snackbar is displayed on completion.|

> |Add color to "Saved colors"|The color(s) of the currently selected shape is saved to the "Saved colors" panel in the sidebar. This action opens the design tab, opens the "Saved colors" panel, and collapses all other panels in the sidebar. The "Saved colors" panel should be highlighted when opened. A snackbar is displayed on completion.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Add color to "Saved colors"|The color(s) of the currently selected shape is saved to the "Saved colors" panel in the style pane. This action opens the design tab, opens the "Saved colors" panel, and collapses all other panels in the style pane. The "Saved colors" panel should be highlighted when opened. A snackbar is displayed on completion.|
```

Author: I will also change the `This action opens the design tab, ...` part in all of them.

Author: Hmm, it doesn't open the tab for me "This action opens the design tab, opens the "Saved colors" panel, and collapses all other panels in the style pane."
